capital = 444

oob = "BLC_1936"
set_cosmetic_tag = BLC_monarchy
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	transport = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = BLC_acd2
recruit_character = BLC_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BLC_ncs
recruit_character = BLC_nccr
recruit_character = BLC_aco2
recruit_character = BLC_communist_guy
recruit_character = BLC_ai2
recruit_character = BLC_ar
recruit_character = BLC_coi
recruit_character = BLC_acas
recruit_character = BLC_acgs
recruit_character = BLC_aa2
recruit_character = BLC_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BLC_acr
recruit_character = BLC_stc
recruit_character = BLC_awt
recruit_character = BLC_pot
recruit_character = BLC_mt
recruit_character = BLC_ncm
recruit_character = BLC_nt


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 17
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 80
}


create_country_leader = {
	name = "Ahmad Yar Khan"
	
	picture = "gfx//leaders/BLC/Portrait_BLC_Ahmad_Yar_Khan.png"
	expire = "1960.1.1"
	ideology = centrism
	traits = {
		
	}
}