capital = 111

oob = "FIN_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "FIN_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = FIN_risto_heikki_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_tanner
recruit_character = FIN_Pehr_Evind_Svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_Otto_Wille_Kuusinen
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_carl_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_erik_heinrichs
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen
recruit_character = FIN_woldemar_hagglund
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_juutilainen
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_arho
recruit_character = FIN_juho_heiskanen
recruit_character = FIN_wiljo_einar_tuompo
recruit_character = FIN_kurt_martti_wallenius
recruit_character = FIN_fanni_luukkonen
recruit_character = FIN_paavo_talvela
recruit_character = FIN_hannu_hannuksela
recruit_character = FIN_hjalmar_siilasvuo
recruit_character = FIN_taavetti_laatikainen
recruit_character = FIN_matti_aarnio
recruit_character = FIN_valio_porvari
recruit_character = FIN_jarl_lundqvist
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_sarko
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_valve
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_tiainen
recruit_character = FIN_ralf_torngren
recruit_character = FIN_ake_henrik_gartz
recruit_character = FIN_ruben_lagus
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_torni
recruit_character = FIN_erkki_raappana
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_sihvo
recruit_character = FIN_akseli_anttila
recruit_character = FIN_aksel_airo
recruit_character = FIN_emil_vaateri
recruit_character = FIN_eyolf_mattsson
recruit_character = FIN_toivo_antikainen
recruit_character = FIN_ragnar_hakola
recruit_character = FIN_svante_sundman
recruit_character = FIN_gustaf_magnusson
recruit_character = FIN_torsti_verkkola
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_arho
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola
recruit_character = FIN_jarl_lundqvist
recruit_character = FIN_olavi_sarko
recruit_character = FIN_karl_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_valio_porvari
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_tiainen
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_frans_helminen
recruit_character = FIN_alpo_marttinen
recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_somerto
recruit_character = FIN_reino_hallamaa
recruit_character = FIN_johan_arajuuri
recruit_character = FIN_ake_henrik_gartz
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_lahti
recruit_character = FIN_antti_hackzell
recruit_character = FIN_rudolf_holsti
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_cajander
recruit_character = FIN_urho_kekkonen
recruit_character = FIN_ernst_von_born
recruit_character = FIN_risto_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_hilja_riipinen
recruit_character = FIN_esko_riekki
recruit_character = FIN_paavo_susitaival
recruit_character = FIN_elias_simojoki
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_helanen
recruit_character = FIN_reino_ala_kulju
recruit_character = FIN_ilmari_kiantof
recruit_character = FIN_miina_sillanpaa
recruit_character = FIN_karl_august_fagerholm
recruit_character = FIN_mandi_hannula
recruit_character = FIN_otto_brusiinf
recruit_character = FIN_yrjo_leino
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_saarinen
recruit_character = FIN_karl_harald_wiik
recruit_character = FIN_kaisu_mirjami_rydberg
recruit_character = FIN_sandra_lehtinen
recruit_character = FIN_kullervo_manner
recruit_character = FIN_arvo_tuominen




add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1			
	interwar_antiair = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 5


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 6
	communism = 47
	neutrality = 9
	socialist = 20
	conservatives = 8
}


add_ideas = {
	sisu
    FIN_Russian_Invasion
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vetehinen Class"								
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = FIN_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vesikko Class"								
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = FIN_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Väinämöinen Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = FIN_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
