capital = 291

oob = "IRQ_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}

set_convoys = 5


recruit_character = IRQ_faisal_i
recruit_character = IRQ_Nuri_Said
recruit_character = IRQ_Jafar_Abu_Timman
recruit_character = IRQ_Salih_Jabr
recruit_character = IRQ_rashid_ali_algaylani
recruit_character = IRQ_yusuf_salman_yusuf
recruit_character = IRQ_abd_almalik_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = IRQ_taha_al_ahmani
recruit_character = IRQ_fahmi_said
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_mahmud_al_shaykh
recruit_character = IRQ_iskandar_al-shami
recruit_character = IRQ_abdullah_al-tell
recruit_character = IRQ_mustafa_al_quidsi
recruit_character = IRQ_hamdi_al_pachachi
recruit_character = IRQ_fawsi_al_kaukji
recruit_character = IRQ_khaled_al_dalabeeh
recruit_character = IRQ_jamil_al_midfai
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_ben_jawad
recruit_character = IRQ_bakr_sidqi
recruit_character = IRQ_abdullah
recruit_character = IRQ_amir_al_illah
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_abn_hussein
recruit_character = IRQ_nuri_as_said


add_ideas = {
	IRQ_King_Faisal
	IRQ_Russian_Friendship
	IRQ_British_Oil
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservatives
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 9
	neutrality = 28
	conservatives = 37
	communism = 6
	socialist = 8
	democratic = 12
}

