capital = 3
set_power_balance = {
	id = SWI_power_balance
}
set_country_flag = SWI_start_power_struggle
oob = "SWI_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 10
	communism = 10
	conservatives = 20
	socialist = 20
	neutrality = 10
}
country_event = {
	id = swiss.5
	days = 60
}

add_ideas = {
	SWI_swiss_neutrality	
	limited_conscription
}
set_stability = 0.85
recruit_character = SWI_federal_council
recruit_character = SWI_National_Government
recruit_character = SWI_dr_max_leo_keller
recruit_character = SWI_fritz_platten
recruit_character = SWI_henri_guisan
recruit_character = SWI_ulrich_wille_jr
recruit_character = SWI_j_d_de_montenach
recruit_character = SWI_jean_de_muralt
recruit_character = SWI_hans_oehler
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_laur
recruit_character = SWI_etienne_primault
recruit_character = SWI_hans_peter_bichsel_sohn
recruit_character = SWI_werner_jenni
recruit_character = SWI_rene_von_graffenried
recruit_character = SWI_eugen_bircher
recruit_character = SWI_hermann_hessel_lorenz
recruit_character = SWI_johann_august_sutter
recruit_character = SWI_carl_jacob_burckhardt
recruit_character = SWI_johannes_baumann
recruit_character = SWI_roger_masson
recruit_character = SWI_giuseppe_motta
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_wetter
recruit_character = SWI_eduard_von_steiger
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_nobs
recruit_character = SWI_oskar_bider
recruit_character = SWI_max_waibel
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_huber
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_labhart
  